README.md, before:


final project ideas!

trying something different, as in an interactive portfolio!

IDEAS:
    Some sort of public dashboard. This is something i'd be using everyday after graduation. 
    The goal is to help keep me motivated and to hold myself accountable.
    If I access user accounts, this could be kindof like a ACA grad social media?
    Instead of wasting time scrolling through facebook, scroll through stories about tech in mediium, 
    or watch videos from youtube on tech right in one space, and keep up with old classmates?
      
      API Ideas:
        --api could be from some practice site to inspire me to code more?
        --medium api to show stories on javascript.
        --youtube to watch tutorials.
        --eventbrite api to see all aca events!
        --api to generate random greetings, so i can make my jumbotron change greetings! haha how fun.
      DB Ideas: 
        --create database with interview questinos to register through adn populate one a day! Randomizer!
      


new ideas. 
USER ACCOUNTS REQUIRED
Name: myAmStandUp 
  (stand up being the reglatory meeting every am in development jobs)
Features:
  -focus setting. Here you can set the "mood" for your page by selecting what you want to review (eg. react)
  -saved section (to review any content saved from account; whiteboarding q's, articles, videos, etc...)
  -whiteboarding- FULL PAGE, (Question (with next to populate new), Thought Process and then a Code It Out)
  -articles section, here will populate 5 most recent articles regarding your focus. (pagigation for pages, max 12 results)
  -videos section, here will populate top 3 results of your  focus. (pagigation for pages, max 12 results)
  -community- FULL PAGE (eventbrite api: set for aca, and only tech related, etc...)

MUST HAVES;
React: 
    -outline/layout
    -react router
Redux: idfk!? >_<
API: lots!
DB: Whiteboarding

Commit message:

made progress with routing adn diff components

README.md, after:


final project ideas!

trying something different, as in an interactive portfolio!

IDEAS:
    Some sort of public dashboard. This is something we'd be using everyday after graduation. 
    The goal is to help keep students motivated, stay in the loop and to practice more.
    Instead of wasting time scrolling through facebook, scroll through stories about tech in mediium, 
    or watch videos from youtube on tech right in one space, and keep up with old classmates?
      
      API Ideas:
        --api could be from some practice site to inspire me to code more?
        --medium api to show stories on javascript.
        --youtube to watch tutorials.
        --eventbrite api to see all aca events!
        --api to generate random greetings, so i can make my jumbotron change greetings! haha how fun.
      DB Ideas: 
        --create database with interview questinos to register through adn populate one a day! Randomizer!
      


new ideas. 
USER ACCOUNTS REQUIRED
  -however, no users will be able to interact with each other. 
  -only users can see their own profile. 
Name: myAmStandUp 
  (stand up being the reglatory meeting every am in development jobs)
Features:
  -focus setting. Here you can set the "mood" for your page by selecting what you want to review (eg. react)
  -saved section (to review any content saved from account; whiteboarding q's, articles, videos, etc...)
  -whiteboarding- FULL PAGE, (Question (with next to populate new), Thought Process and then a Code It Out)
  -articles section, here will populate 5 most recent articles regarding your focus. (pagigation for pages, max 12 results)
  -videos section, here will populate top 3 results of your  focus. (pagigation for pages, max 12 results)
  -community- FULL PAGE (eventbrite api: set for aca, and only tech related, etc...)
  -profile-- FULL PAGE (name, github, saved, focus, settings)


MUST HAVES;
React: 
    -outline/layout
    -react router
Redux: idfk!? >_<
API: lots!
DB: Whiteboarding
